**What do I want to learn or understand better?**

I want to learn how to better manage decisions with my teammates. Some of us staunchly disagreed on some agile practices like code review and testing.
I want to learn to be a better communicator for my ideas and come off less aggressive so that I can more effectively come to a resolution on such disagreements in the future.
I am taking a professional development course on managing people and teams to this end.


**How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?**
I can leverage my experience to teach them more about code style, CI pipelines, etc. to make this project as similar to working in a real workplace as possible.
By pushing my team out of their comfort zone, I create new opportunities for challenges and growth.

**What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?**
I was very opposed to some of their ideas of how they were planning on implementing agile practices. 
We found common ground and I was able to introduce some practices I believe to be good practice regarding code review and test cases.
I have ~1yr of experience working in Agile which I can hopefully leverage to set a good example

**What I've learnt going forward**
When discussing about some of the roles in the social contract and testing / code review responsibilities, I feel that I/we struggled to come to an agreeable solution that people could agree on.
I've learnt that experience isn't the only thing of value, and that newer/less experienced programmers can still have valuable insights to team structuring and the development process.
I've learnt that the way you communicate your ideas makes a big difference in how likely others are to accept them.


